hey h-bomb here and it's a little bit
different I just ordered rock band on
amazon and it showed up let's see this
kind of hard to do one handy there you
go rock band special edition for we
there we go here is the rock band game
and for the rock band volume on track
pack please do not return rock being
hardware peripherals to retail stores
yeah this is such a bugger see here is
the microphone oh hell if I held it up
and for the camera and this be the
guitar hold on I'm taking here ok
and this is the guitar at least part of
the guitar Wow here are the drones oh
that's this little box oh just be the
USB hub
there we go 4-port USB hub okay i guess
i can't do this with one hand I'll be
back okay I'm back to the drugs oh man
they sure don't eat Jesus wired into
thin cardboard in this must be the base
and oh they're white I've never seen the
we drum before I lied seen Ben xbox and
use the other part of the bass drum
sticks gums everything else put paddle
paddle paddle not foot paddle just look
like posts for the drum set and hear
more of the place anyway pretty sweet
let's take a little bit put this
together and I'll rock out each bum out